So you run your ad in the test period for three days and it's either created a profit or it's broken
even so you have a winning test.
And we talked about this in the previous lecture.
You dropped all the other ones.
Now what are you going to do.
How are you going to scale this thing up.
To start making some serious cash.
Well rookie mistake number one do not be tempted to ramp it up by 100 x 100 times for example.
So this is a classic mistake.
You're spending $3 a day and you think.
Right.
I found it.
I will now ramp up to $300 a day because if you do that and I can understand the temptation because
suddenly going to much and enormous The not going reach a massive audience compared to before and presumably
you know starts like 100 times more product and therefore 100 times more profit if you do that.
What happens is you confuse believe it or not the Facebook algorithm.
Ok just need to accept the Facebook and a little bit sensitive piece.
And you can't just ramp up by 100 X in one go.
So what it do do is you increase your budget by one and a half times.
OK.
So if you're spending $3 a day for example and you found the winning ad increase it to four and a half
dollars a day.
All right.
So you go from $3 to for a half dollars and then at three and a half dollars keep that for another three
days.
So we are making baby steps.
And in fact this makes a huge amount of sense because not only are we not confusing the Facebook algorithm
but in business is duff to suddenly make huge increases in spending when you're still not 100 percent
sure about this product.
Sure the test period went well but what you still want to do is make little baby steps and make sure
that you're on the right path each time.
Yeah.
Each time we go see just go from $3 multiply by one and a half.
So four and a half dollars and keep it for another three days.
Now at the end of that three day period it's the same question you need to ask yourself or you can say
it on your on your manager did you generate a profit or at least breakeven.
Yeah it's a yes or no question it's very very simple to answer.
If I say yes then you increase the budget by another one and a half x.
So we up for a half dollars.
And if I try to do that in my head we're going to end up like six dollars let's say right a little bit
more.
So you know and I'll hold that for another three days and see if I can break Crear profit or breakeven.
And if I do then increase it by another one and a half or three days.
And so I'll go on and on like that.
Now eventually you're going to get to you know spending a hundred or maybe 200 300 400 dollars a day
but all the while you've been doing that you are making sales you're covering your costs very least
if you're breakeven and if you're making a profit then happy days.
So sticking my in the bank this is great stuff but if you don't do that what you want to do is go back
to the previous budget.
So any time in that in that loop of increasing the budget by one and a half X and holding it for three
days if you don't make a profit just drop it down to where you before where you were before.
Keep it for another three days.
You know if it didn't work that time then maybe drop it back down again or if it did bring it back up
again.
Yeah.
So you are making these small changes either way.
And that is how you scale correctly.
OK.
It's it's baby steps.
It's bit by bit it's patience.
It's using your hard earned money correctly and wisely in order to generate profit.